16 Mar, 2019 2 commits
Writing out the basic classes for Scale, weight, location. Also added the projectplan
first commit


29 Mar, 2019
Update progress_log
Working on the Item class and subclasses. Mostly adding functions.

31 Mar, 2019
Small fixes to existing classes, new classes Brain, Player, ScaleGame

10 Apr, 2019
Lots of changes:

Building the basic graphic UI, adding a basic sprite sheet to use for (it is CC0) now, until better one is made
 (or the existing one is fixed. Everything is a bit of a mess in the ui department, it will be fixed.
Went through many iterations of how to build the UI, finally decided on sprite based. 
Tried doing graphics with swing originally but deemed it a bit work intensive.
Major work in progress still.  

12 Apr, 2019
Changes to the UI building:

Noticed that the way I thought to make the ui wasn't clever, so I have
to rebuild all the location and game classes. Going to take a while to
fix stuff. Mid-fixing commit, going to take a break. A lot to work on, I
wish I had started doing this in an other way.

18 Apr, 2019
Fixing up stuff.

Got the scaleGameApp to draw the sprites. The sprites are in wrong
places but there is logic to the error. also wrong sprites but that is
probably just because I cant count. But a milestone that I finally got
the game to draw stuff. Now I just need to get it to draw the right
stuff and in correct places :p

19 Apr, 2019
Getting the UI to draw

Finally fixed so that the UI draws the scales and weights correctly using pattern matching. 
The weight values are going to be numbers on the scales. Next on the list is making the functionality to play, 
as in playeractions.

20 Apr, 2019
Finishing basic UI

Finished basic UI and made the mouseover work so the selection can be seen while playing. 
Started building the mouseclick functionality and building up the game mechanics. 
Having trouble figuring out how to make the score counters etc.

21 Apr, 2019
Building up functionality

Got the graphics working and the basic adding of weights and resetting working. 
Some logic errors somewhere what need to be fixed still. 
Going to make the basic playability working, then going to add player function 

22 Apr, 2019
It works! (somewhat)

Added scoring system, and added visualisation for the player scores.
Just gotta do a turn system and it's a somewhat working product. Basically all the algorithms work for the scales
and the scoring. Tipping works as well, as well as the chain reaction of tipping. Final day tomorrow, hopefully am going 
to get the minimum stuff done in time and also the project plan.

23 Apr, 2019
Cleaning up and adding commentary

Cleaned up some useless stuff and added commentary on the things where the functions weren't clear. Some pondering about 
stuff that could and should be cleaned up. The game works and if there is stuff to be added it's just extra. 
The project document(last commit message wrongfully declared it a project plan) will be done first.
Most of the game functionality is working. Adding extra elements and stuff is easily doable, most of the functions have
been made for the possibility to aadvance this project forward. Time limitations suck (but work as a motivator).

23 Apr, 2019
Added support for csv file reading

Implemented a way to read a way to put in scales with a csv file.

23 Apr, 2019 (actually 24th, but just after midnight.)
Final commit

Small fixes to the game. Added the project document. This is it.